From now on
I'm just the son-in-law of the Su family.
It has nothing to do with you.
Cut your hair.
Good.
I've been raising a good son for 20 years.
For a family.
They want to cut off their relationship with me.
It's really the most amazing thing in the world.
I'm Ly Huining.
How can you raise a child who is not so good?
It's just a house.
Do you know what the city s status is?
General Su is the captain of the princess.
Family Su in your mouth is the support that how many people dream of?
You're just a rude country woman.
You know what?
The princess's body was strong.
This is what you want, right?
Yes, I'll satisfy you.
Don't regret it later.
You were raised by me.
The gift of longevity.
I'm not begging you to cut me back.
Now you kneel down and knock three heads for me.
We clean up.
You messed up my wedding.
You want me to kneel over your head?
I think you should get down on your knees and blow my head off.
I read the grace of raising your children
Don t be afraid to throw it out for the dog to eat.
Just beat you to death.
Leave you a full corpse
My good son.
I have been raising you for 20 years.
You want me to bow down to you.
They want to beat me to death.
Not leaving the whole body.
Haha.
Forgetting the Ancestors
Great disobedience
What are you standing there for?
Keep her for me.
Beat to death
That's rubbish.
Let me.
Ly Van Hieu
You're my son.
My son killed my mother.
Lightning strike
Haha, then today I'll watch me beat you to death.
Can God beat me?
The saint just arrived.